Issue-7617 last batch update (docs product screenshots) (#8038)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/product-analytics/lifecycle.mdx

To start with, you'll need to select an event that best describes activity for your product, this might be something as simple as logging into your app or loading the page. For example: in a messaging product, you might consider someone active if they've sent a message within the interval.

> You can see here that I have selected the Message Sent event to define my user activity metric:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see here that I selected the "Sent a message" event to define my user activity metric:
```

<ProductScreenshot
    imageLight = {sentAMessageLight} 
    imageDark = {sentAMessageDark}
    classes="rounded"
    alt="Set up a new lifecycle analysis with custom event 'Sent a message'"
/>

As with other tools in PostHog, you can add filters if you wish to focus on a subset of these events.

<ProductScreenshot
    imageLight = {lifecycleFiltersLight} 
    imageDark = {lifecycleFiltersDark}
    classes="rounded"
    alt="Add filters for lifecycle analysis"
/>

> Next set the time interval that aligns with the natural frequency of your product by updating the "grouped by" setting. Here were' looking at "Weekly" active as in this hypothetical scenario, we expect people to be sending messages every week, but depending on how people use your product, you might want to change the group by setting to by "Hour", "Day" or "Month". You can also set how far back you would like to consider this data over.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, set the time range along with the time interval aligning with the natural frequency of your product by updating the "grouped by" setting. 

In this scenario, we group by "Week" as we expect people to be sending messages every week. Depending on how people use your product, you might want to group by "Hour", "Day", or "Month".
```

> <ProductScreenshot

Reviewer: The text above groups by week but shows "day" highlighted and selected, could we fix this?

    imageLight = {timeControlLight} 
    imageDark = {timeControlDark}
    classes="rounded"
    alt="Set time interval"
/>

### Interpreting your lifecycle

> Our lifecycle chart for "Message sent" looks like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our lifecycle chart for "Sent a message" looks like this:
```

<ProductScreenshot
    imageLight = {chartLight} 
    imageDark = {chartDark}
    classes="rounded"
    alt="Lifecycle chart"
/>

> You can also click on the Option button and select "Show values on series" to dispaly values on the chart for More details: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also click on the Option button and select "Show values on series" to display values on the chart for more details: 
```

-   Is our product getting better or worse over time? Are users being retained better and experiencing value over longer-term periods?
-   Where is the loss of users coming from? Are users being lost from recent time periods or is it users who signed up / started using the feature a long time ago?

<ProductScreenshot
    imageLight = {detailLight} 
    imageDark = {detailDark}
    classes="rounded"
    alt="Lifecycle chart pop-up"
/>

> You can then click through to look at these individual users behavior in the events or recordings tools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then click through to look at these individual users behavior in the events or recordings tools.
```
